README.md, before:

# tidalcycles-project-v2

Building my skills and working out what kind of (live code / algorithmically-based) musician I am.

One 'track' per month.



(the 'tracks' may be chaotic)

---

|Month| Theme|Recording|
| --- | --- | --- |
|January|Remixing a 2020 track because I ran out of time...| <https://youtu.be/hOqeGyfNjQo> |
|February|don't love what I made this month, but some nice bits that I'll probably revisit| <https://youtu.be/H-4Rnx6h_gI>|
|March|developed the feb track into something I like more, though I still feel like I might do more with it|<https://on.soundcloud.com/ve29ntMa77KKxYJ46>|
|April|playing with one sample|<https://youtu.be/_IyHHRxLPkM>|
|May|clip of what I played at algorave 4/6 (but worked on throughout May)|<https://youtu.be/2la0gsX5JhY>|
|June|recording of a version of the set I played at Corsica Studios 26/06/24|<https://soundcloud.com/mahalias/corsica-260624>|
|July|prep for kaos magi set| <https://youtu.be/qgtz9bNQO2g> also this <https://on.soundcloud.com/rZBGx8zYudzc6s1K6>|

**Leftover ideas from last year:**
AI_I_CU / Computational Other - finish it properly ?

Ethereal Break(House)

Sample myself playing the horn

Play around more with randomness
explore using custom functions

**New Random Ideas**

Traffic Jam sounds

Commit message:

adding august september + changing link for march

README.md, after:

# tidalcycles-project-v2

Building my skills and working out what kind of (live code / algorithmically-based) musician I am.

One 'track' per month.



(the 'tracks' may be chaotic)

---

|Month| Theme|Recording|
| --- | --- | --- |
|January|Remixing a 2020 track because I ran out of time...| <https://youtu.be/hOqeGyfNjQo> |
|February|don't love what I made this month, but some nice bits that I'll probably revisit| <https://youtu.be/H-4Rnx6h_gI>|
|March|developed the feb track into something I like more, though I still feel like I might do more with it|<https://youtu.be/s2r_mWVRsdU>|
|April|playing with one sample|<https://youtu.be/_IyHHRxLPkM>|
|May|clip of what I played at algorave 4/6 (but worked on throughout May)|<https://youtu.be/2la0gsX5JhY>|
|June|recording of a version of the set I played at Corsica Studios 26/06/24|<https://soundcloud.com/mahalias/corsica-260624>|
|July|prep for kaos magi set| <https://youtu.be/qgtz9bNQO2g> also this <https://on.soundcloud.com/rZBGx8zYudzc6s1K6>|
|August|sampling an ice cream van chime of greensleeves, definitely think I'll keep working on this as I'm into the dark, melancholy energy it's giving|<https://youtu.be/JU_gk-bOJiY>|
|September|a scrappy remixing of earlier stuff, mashing lots of things together|<https://youtu.be/VbE_-eqx7kM>|

**Leftover ideas from last year:**
AI_I_CU / Computational Other - finish it properly ?

Ethereal Break(House)

Sample myself playing the horn

Play around more with randomness
explore using custom functions

**New Random Ideas**

Traffic Jam sounds
